feat: add cdn support and demo for the web sdk (#220)
embrace-io/embrace-web-sdk: README.md

```

At this point you should be able to rebuild your app and have Embrace begin collecting telemetry. Data should start to
show up in the Embrace Dashboard once the SDK reports at least 1 completed user session. This can be triggered by
launching

> your app and then ending the session by either closing the tab/window or simply putting it in the background.

Author: I will double-check the whole file. I was just trusting the linter to do its thing, but apparently, it didn't

});
```

## Including the SDK as a code snippet from CDN

We recommend you include our SDK as a regular npm dependency (see [Quick Start](#quick-start)).
If you prefer to include the SDK as a code snippet from CDN, you can do so by adding the following script tag
to your generated HTML file:

```html

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@embrace-io/web-sdk"></script>
```

Note: we recommend you pin specific versions to avoid breaking changes. For example:

```html

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@embrace-io/web-sdk@0.0.12"></script>
```

We recommend you add this script tag to the `<head>` of your HTML file, so that it loads before your app code. This will
expose the SDK as a global variable `EmbraceWebSdk` on the `window` object.
This need to be added before any script that makes use of the sdk.

> Here are some required changes wrt how you would use the sdk from an npm installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of this README assumes using the SDK from an NPM installation, here are some required changes to keep in mind as you refer to that documentation:
```

1) Importing the sdk from node modules is no longer valid. Instead, reference it from the global `window` object:

```diff
- import { sdk } from '@embrace-io/web-sdk';
+ const sdk = window.EmbraceWebSdk;
```

2) Because our web-cli does not support the CDN version of the SDK, you will need to make sure to pass in your app
   version when initializing the sdk. If you don't, then your app version will be reported to Embrace as
   `EmbIOAppVersionX.X.X`

```javascript
  sdk.initSDK({
  appVersion: '0.0.1',
  /*...*/
});
```

3) Because our web-cli does not support the CDN version of the SDK, the source maps upload won't work

>    (see [Upload sourcemaps](#upload-sourcemaps)). You will see symbolicated stack traces in Embrace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (see [Upload sourcemaps](#upload-sourcemaps)). You will not see symbolicated stack traces in Embrace.
```

Author: nice, updated 👍🏼
